Let me go with you.
I'll be worried if you go.
But I'm better than you.
I can protect myself
But you are pregnant with our child
You have to protect him
I don't want you to make any mistakes.
That will make me regret it for the rest of my life
Obedient
Take good care of the fetus
Wait for me to come back
Then if you can't beat it, run away
OK
I promise.
At that time, even if you are greedy for life and afraid of death, you will run away
It must also be before the fair adult gives birth
first time
The first sight of our children
Nonsense
The relationship between His Royal Highness the Crown Prince and the Crown Princess is very good
Although
Are you brave?
How dare you make fun of me?
If it weren't for your father's sake
Believe it or not, I will cut you with one sword
This time to the northern border
Fave won't actually have to follow
By the river?
It's dangerous.
I have to safeguard the safety of His Highness
The general's boy just pulled the boat
The general doesn't want him to dream of doing things
Several brothers in the family gave birth to boys
Just expect me to give birth to a soft waxy ball
Who would have thought he was a brat again?
Hahahaha!
Xiao Junruo, I will have a girl in the future
Let's order a doll, dear.
Feifu general
How about being in-laws with me?
Your Highness
Prince, hurry up
Keep the green mountains
Not afraid of not holding hands